God, a non-NPC
God may be like a single player that plays every point-of-view, a non-NPC (non-player character), controls every individual character, in every unique moment. A creature, a being, that stops time from all places then takes a turn in each place to feel each feeling and then to decide on each choice before pressing play for a single instant and doing it again in the next. Each creature could hold the full capacity of the Mind of God, of Consciousness Eternal, in each of these moments in this way. This might be the sound of “one hand clapping”, perhaps it is like playing a game of Pool or Chess where you take every shot, asking who is winning and being both torn-up and in utter ecstasy regardless of the successful outcome. Or maybe it is like running a sprint 10 times, recording the time-taken and taking out each position every time.

It certainly makes the concept easy to grasp. Being trapped in time as Humans seems to confuse us into thinking it’s not possible. Although, a single thing travelling at the speed of light has enough energy to traverse infinite distance without a single length of time needing to exist at all.

They say God is omnipotent, omnipresent and omniscient. If God was a non-NPC that plays every point of view, God would take up all presence (be omnipresent), God would hold all knowledge (be omniscient) and be the wielder of all power (be omnipotent). This appears as though paradoxes arise, for example: could God have the power to create an object that he does not have the power to move? But the paradox is Maya, an illusion, by the definition utilised in this article God, as one particular character, could have the power to create a very heavy thing, but as another particular character might not have the power to move it. As both are the same being, but different characters, technically all the power there is is held by this God being and the God characters each take on half of the paradox.