'Ultimately containing complete greediness' is a concept that I'd like to define as being a description of a person whom underneath everything that they are as a consciousness and subconsciousness there is no proportion of non-greed to be found. The opposite of greed, I will maintain, for now, is not generosity.

A person can be non-greedy and not generous, they don't have much and they don't give much (1). A person can be non-greedy and generous, they don't have much and they give a lot (2). A person can be greedy and not generous, they have a lot and they don't give much (3). A person can be greedy and generous, they have a lot and they give a lot (4). I suggest that it is better to be in the 4th position than in the 1st position; being greedy is actually a good thing when you are also generous, because in total you will be able to give more than a person who is not greedy and generous.

The use of the word 'ultimately' implies, in this case, underneath everything, so who they are in belief, in action, in reputation and so on. The successive use of the word 'complete' implies that overall in and of the things contained within 'ultimately' there is at least some triumphing factor. For clarity, a person who performs an act not representative of greed but partially wishes they hadn't done it is still greedy, a person who performs an act that is representative of greed but wishes they hadn't done it is still greedy.

That is to say, anyone who enacts or thinks anything to do with the cultivation of greed is ultimately containing complete greediness. This, perhaps, means that the sense of, or spirit of, greed within them is fully formed and able to grow.