Salvia Divinorum
There is one particularly good article on Salvia:

This article brings together three findings and ideas relevant for the understanding of human consciousness: (I) Crick’s and Koch’s theory that the claustrum is a “conductor of consciousness” crucial for subjective conscious experience. (II) Subjective reports of the consciousness-altering effects the plant Salvia divinorum, whose primary active ingredient is salvinorin A, a κ-opioid receptor agonist. (III) The high density of κ-opioid receptors in the claustrum. Fact III suggests that the consciousness-altering effects of S. divinorum/salvinorin A (II) are due to a κ-opioid receptor mediated inhibition of primarily the claustrum and, additionally, the deep layers of the cortex, mainly in prefrontal areas. Consistent with Crick and Koch’s theory that the claustrum plays a key role in consciousness (I), the subjective effects of S. divinorum indicate that salvia disrupts certain facets of consciousness much more than the largely serotonergic hallucinogen lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD). Based on this data and on the relevant literature, we suggest that the claustrum does indeed serve as a conductor for certain aspects of higher-order integration of brain activity, while integration of auditory and visual signals relies instead on coordination by other areas including parietal cortex and the pulvinar.

And another on the claustrum itself:
The Gng2/PV-based anatomical definition of the claustrum indicates this structure may be largely restricted to (reciprocal) connections with cortical sites, and does not project subcortically to structures including the lateral hypothalamus and mediodorsal thalamic nucleus (Mathur et al., 2009). Given the normally quiescent nature of claustral cells that respond transiently to suddenly presented stimuli then (Remedios et al., 2010), the claustrum could serve as a saliency filter for cortico-cortico communication. Given that the claustrum preferentially projects to the ipsilateral anterior cingulate cortex (Smith and Alloway, 2010), an area known to be involved in error detection and attentional processing (Muir et al., 1996; Botvinick, 2007; Carter and van Veen, 2007; Johnston et al., 2007), the claustrum may be acting as a component part of a sensorimotor/sensory association cortex-to-claustrum-to-cingulate pathway for encoding the salience of incoming stimuli.

 

In my experience, Salvia shows you what was always there but you'd never really noticed before, and brings this profound sense of noticing intently, but particularly noticing what is currently in your attention span but is also an error that needs improving on. Except the lesson learnt by it is told with what is always a very real story.

This is why I think Salvia is one of the most important plant teachers.

For someone who wants to experience what a psychedelic is like but be able to recover on the same day, a medium salvia dose (non breakthrough) can be very interesting. 